docs: add WordPress limitation section (#303) (#385)
humbug/php-scoper: README.md

    - [Composer](#composer-autoloader)
    - [Composer Plugins](#composer-plugins)
    - [PSR-0 Partial support](#psr-0-partial-support)

>     - [WordPress](#wordpress)

Reviewer: Is it a limitation though?

I realise there is a mistake above in the ToC: Phive, PHAR and Composer should be under "installation" not "usage".  And maybe you can create a new ToC entry under "usage", e.g. "Wordpress integration"

If this will work for the classes under `src/JsonMapper/`, it will not for `JsonMapper.php`.

### WordPress

Currently, PHP-Scoper is built in such a way that it generates a completely enclosed application. However, since this does not work in plugin landscapes, because dependencies of not bundled functions and classes are needed, there is currently no optimal solution within PHP-Scoper for WordPress.

There is an open issue regarding [better support of WordPress API](https://github.com/humbug/php-scoper/issues/303). If you agree to migrate your plugin or want to start a new plugin you can use [**WP React Starter**](https://github.com/devowlio/wp-react-starter) - it's an open source boilerplate for WordPress plugins. **Why?** Well, WP React Starter its mission is to be the most modern and best boilerplate in the WordPress community and now PHP-Scoper is part of it.

> If you are not able to migrate you can have a look at the solution itself, read more about it here [#303 (comment)](https://github.com/humbug/php-scoper/issues/303#issuecomment-614207305).

Reviewer: I would prefer to keep all links at the bottom (see the existing ones under Credits)

> Currently, PHP-Scoper is built in such a way that it generates a completely enclosed application. However, since this does not work in plugin landscapes, because dependencies of not bundled functions and classes are needed, there is currently no optimal solution within PHP-Scoper for WordPress.
> 
> There is an open issue regarding [better support of WordPress API](https://github.com/humbug/php-scoper/issues/303). If you agree to migrate your plugin or want to start a new plugin you can use [**WP React Starter**](https://github.com/devowlio/wp-react-starter) - it's an open source boilerplate for WordPress plugins. **Why?** Well, WP React Starter its mission is to be the most modern and best boilerplate in the WordPress community and now PHP-Scoper is part of it.
> 
> If you are not able to migrate you can have a look at the solution itself, read more about it here [#303 (comment)](https://github.com/humbug/php-scoper/issues/303#issuecomment-614207305).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As of now PHP-Scoper does not easily allow to completely leave unchanged non-included third-party code causing some hurdles with Wordpress plugins. There is a standing issue about providing a better integration out of the box (See [#303](#303)) but alternatively you can already use [**WP React Starter**][wp-react-starter] which is a boilerplate for WordPress plugins.
```
